Hi! This video is about the tools you need to complete this course.
So let's keep this to the point. The first thing you need is a computer.
It could be Linux, Mac, or Windows.
Everyone of them would do the job.
And the second thing you need is Python.
So you need to have Python installed in your computer.
It could be Python 2, or Python 3.
So both of them would do the job well but I recommend Python 3. Python 3 is what I use
and it's the latest version of Python.
If you don't have Python at all you can go to this website and you can download Python and then install it.
It's quite straightforward.
The third thing you need is an editor where you can write an executable code.
I'd suggest you use your favorite editor.
All editors are around the same.
My favorite editor is Atom.
So if you don't have a favorite editor, you can go ahead and download Atom from this Website and then
then install it.
The process is straightforward, and yeah that's the three things you need.
Once you have installed Atom to use it what you do is you are in a directory for instance in here and
here all these directories they have Python scripts inside.
And I can right click in here, go to open with Atom and that will open Atom in the current directory.
Then I suggest you use a package.
Go to packages, settings view, open and search here.
So you go here to install and then search for platformio-ide-terminal. So click enter. That will search
for packages with that name and you'll see here you'll have a button installed.
I have installed this so I don't have that button.
So just go ahead and install the package and then close settings and then you can go ahead to the plus  sign.
And that will open a terminal inside Python.
Here you can execute Python scripts.
So for instance I can go inside this directory here with cd Variables. Tab for auto completion, enter and then
Python 303 is the script name, tab, execute and that's how you execute Python scripts.
So this is how you use ATOM to write.
So you write Python code here and you execute Python code in platformio ide terminal.
And that concludes this video.
Thanks, I'll talk to you later.